# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 56ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 66ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 76ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    [gap of 40ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-X86-model 14ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 110ms
  [gap of 27ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 138ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 136ms
  [gap of 21ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 157ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
<<<<<<< HEAD
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 96ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 90ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 65ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 83ms
=======
  create-initial-cxx-model 46ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-variant-model 11ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 65ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms
>>>>>>> c7b1cc3ed7b5bdeb32609f485b9d48b95a2d898f

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
<<<<<<< HEAD
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 93ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 109ms
=======
    [gap of 46ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 61ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 72ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 42ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms
>>>>>>> c7b1cc3ed7b5bdeb32609f485b9d48b95a2d898f

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
<<<<<<< HEAD
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 94ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 62ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 86ms
=======
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 34ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 98ms
  [gap of 19ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 117ms
>>>>>>> c7b1cc3ed7b5bdeb32609f485b9d48b95a2d898f

